# Corner-Grocer-
This project focuses on creating a program that helps analyze text records that are generated throughout the day for a grocery store. The items included in this grocery needed to be in chronological order from the time the store opened to close. Corner Grocer needed a program to allow users to search for an item in these text files as well as the number of occurences/purchases from that day.
This program works well in reading through the data file and outputting the number of produce purchased for the day.
I could have enhacned my code more by being more unified throughout the program. Some parts I used maps and others just simple loops to print out the data in those files. Creating maps for all of the input requirements might have been more cleaner and less work on my part.
The hardest part about this code was to write the maps. I was unfamiliar with maps and never had used them in any program before. I had to teach myself and watch a few tutorials/look on stack overflow to find the right solutions.
I believe that the most important skill that will transfer over from this project will be working with files and writing to them. There are a lot of programs outhere that use text or data files and it is important to know how to work with them.
This program is maintainable, readable, and acceptable because of its order. I made sure to make comments explaining what function does what and the main is not filled with function declarations/definitons. There is also a class included for the maps to avoid putting it in the main.cpp file as well. 
